# Django Easy Userena

This is simplified fork of great [Django Userena](https://github.com/bread-and-pepper/django-userena) with less dependencies and hopefully easier setup and customization process. I will try to merge all interesting changes from upstream to this fork.

## Why fork?

+    I found that each time I use Userena I have to overwrite almost all of the templates because they require `title`, `content` and `content-title` blocks in base template.
+    I never needed django-guardian functionality. When I wanted to use Userena on site with about 50000 accounts I had to add all django-guardian permissions for all accounts and it was painful process and it obviously increased database size.
+    I wanted to use Userena on project which already uses sorl-thumbnail and it caused conflicts with easy-thumbnails which Django Userena depends on.

## Differences from Django Userena

+    removed dependency on django-guardian
+    removed dependency on easy-thumbnails and added simple ImageField replacement that crops image on upload
+    added some settings:

     `USERENA_USERNAME_MIN_LENGTH`  
     `USERENA_USERNAME_MAX_LENGTH`  
     `USERENA_PASSWORD_MIN_LENGTH`  
     `USERENA_PASSWORD_MAX_LENGTH`  
	 `USERENA_AUTOCREATE_PROFILE`  
	 `USERENA_MUGSHOT_CROP_APP`  
+    refactored all templates to be easier for customization (Django Userena requires you to have `title`, `content` and `content-title` blocks in your base template, Django Easy Userena uses `userena-title`, `userena-content` and `userena-content-title` blocks which can be inserted into any block you have in your base template by overwriting just `userena/base.html` template)

More information in the documentation.

## Documentation

Will be updated soon :)
